Fix #1706: Change personal data retention period (#1707)
wultra/enrollment-server: docs/onboarding/PowerAuth-Enrollment-Onboarding-Server-2.1.0.md

The property `config` in `/api/identity/status` response has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
Clients should use the dedicated configuration endpoint `/api/configuration` to retrieve `otpResendPeriodSeconds` and other onboarding configuration.

## Cleaning task

> Added the configuration property `enrollment-server-onboarding.identity-verification.data-retention` with a default value of 1 hour, and modified the calculation of the retention period for processing personal data (e.g., uploaded documents and selfie photos) as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modified the calculation of the retention period for processing personal data (e.g., uploaded documents and selfie photos) as follows. The data are deleted after the expiration time of the process plus the retention period. Previously, the data was deleted immediately after the retention period, which could lead to the deletion of data for active processes if the process expiration is higher than the data retention.
```

The property was not added - it was there from the release point of view all the time.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, applied

> `database column timestamp_created + enrollment-server-onboarding.onboarding-process.expiration + enrollment-server-onboarding.identity-verification.data-retention`

Reviewer: I would use just a english explanaion physical data naming might be difficult to read.

Author: Solved by applying the suggestion from previous comment

> Records from the following tables are deleted according to this calculation:

Reviewer: This is good
